# liri-app
Hello can I introduce you to LIRI. This app will take in text commands in node and return data pulled from various api's. There are 4 commands that LIRI takes, the first one is the concert-this command. This command works taking in a band names and returning you touring info for that band for instance concert-this the eagles would get you info on the upcoming tour date of the band the eagles. Please make sure the band you seach is touring if it isnt then this command wont work. For this part of the code i used Axios to create my api request and translate my response. I also used moment and geocoder modules in this command as well. I used moment to translate the date into something more user friendly. I used the node geocoder to take the latitude and longitude data provided by the bands in town api and translate that into an address for the user. The next command is spotify-this-song, this command takes in the name of a song and returns you album and artist name and link to listen to the song on spotifiy. The full command would look like this spotify-this-song paint it black. If the user chooses the spotify command but doesnt input a song name then the progam has default song already picked out. I used Node Spotify API instead of Axios for my api request. I also stored my api key info on the keys.js page and then required that page in my liri.js. Third command is movie-this, the user inputs a movie title and gets year it came out actors and actresses involved and so much more. Here is example of the full command movie-this up. This command like the spotify command has a default movie ready to go if the user doesnt input a name into the program. This like the band-this command uses Axios to call the api and process the response. The final command is do-what-it-says, this command doesnt take in any user input. Instead when the user puts this command in the program uses the fs.readfile function to read the random text file. The random text file is spotify-this-song command with song pre loaded. The do-what-it-says command runs the command on the random text file. Thats all four commands and their basic function and code construction. I also stored my api key info for my geo coder and spotify api calls on seperate js files and then using .exports and require i called them into my main liri.js page. That took me a little while and some reading to figure out how to get it to work. I also tried something for the first time, I used the switch command instead of if statments to check what command the user input. I had seen switch statements while googling and in class so i decided to try it out for myself. I like it lot way cleaner then if statments with all the {} all over. Instead just one set of brackets and much cleaner code. Overall my group project api work made creating this much easier. It took some getting used to seeing the JSON response in node and figuring what level everything is on. I prefer being able to console log the JSON response onto a html page and dig around that way. But after some trial and error i got handle on reading JSON response in node. I used Axios, Node Geo-Coder, Node Spotify API and Moment modules in the creation of this project. I am the solo creator of the is project 
